Array is a non-primitive method which is being identified with a squared bracket([]). 
The array method can anchor all types of datatypes being the string, the boolean, the numbe etc.
Higher arrays can be said to be arrays that has a function and also a parameter. 
Array is a datatype that stores the value(position) before the comma in an index box, while the string method stores the characters.
 The object method uses the .(dot) notation to get elements or methods The Index position starts from zero and the lenght property starts from one.
Slice method removes from the array and it can be used to replace a value in the array. 
Splice takes two parameters but it could also take up to three parameters in
a sitiuation where a value is needed to be replaced. 
The Concat is a JavaScript array method that joins two arrays together and it returns back an array or a string.
Push method is a JavaScript Array method that adds an array to the end of an already decleared array and it returns the lenght
of the newly mutated array.(N:B The Push method mutates the entire array, that means it changes it.)
of the new, the opposite of pop is Push and it removes the last part of an Array. 
Fill is another method which replaces an entire value with a new passed keyword or a letter, it could either be a character, value. 
Shift returns the first value while the unshift returns the last value. Reverse flips a character in a way that the first 
becomes the last. 
Reverse methods doesn't work on String method, for it to work it needs to be converted to an array method. Flat converts multiple dimensional arrays
into a one dimensional array. Join method converts to string method. 
Sort method neglets the first value in a character, value and spits out the other characters.
Fat arrow is represented by (=>) and it is usually used to call back. Dc is a name of a function
The Map method ittirate through an array and it returns an array, and it's a must./Complicated needs more study./
Filter works with comparism and also helps us removes 
The Reduce method calculate the number of values or characters in an Array and returns the number.
Map ittirates and returns an Array while for each gives a value.
Global variables are variables that are out of the scope of the funtion.
We use map method because we want the return to be an array, Map i






